:up::one::three: porting mail_private (#349)
itpp-labs/mail-addons: mail_private/doc/index.rst

* Click on the ``[Send]`` button.

Note
----

> Please, be aware that the module in v13 is obsolete due to the fact that there is a built-in functionality.

Author: достаточно такого?

> Please, be aware that the module in v13 is obsolete due to the fact that there is a built-in functionality.

Reviewer: Почему это подраздел Usage?
Это вообще нужно в ридми в самом начале

```suggestion
The feature is mostly covered by built-in functionality since Odoo v13: you can make an internal note and tag users you want to notify.
```
